well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about trump
leadership
standards and bare minimums
we're going to do this because last
night
i released a video talking about biden
because there were a lot of people who
wanted to praise biden for doing
something that was basically his civic
duty
i'm not sure that's the route to go yeah
cool he did something trump didn't do
and yeah i get it however it's
it's just what's expected of everybody
if we set the bar as
better than trump we could end up
with a candidate whose only
qualifications
or that they don't lie constantly
they don't engage in nepotism
don't engage in overt corruption
they're not constantly sexist and
xenophobic
and they're not a national embarrassment
pretty much every day
yeah i mean those are things we want but
is it enough
to be president the most powerful office
in the united states and therefore
one of the most powerful offices in the
world
is better than trump the answer
or are we just doing what uh we get mad
at politicians for doing
slapping a band-aid on it
not really fixing the issue not
addressing the systemic underlying
problems
just putting a happy face on it
when you're talking about one of the
most powerful offices in the world i
would suggest
that we need to go beyond not trump and
i understand this
this election is just it is what it is
a lot of the choices have already been
made
however there's going to be another and
trump's impact on the united states is
going to be long
lasting whether or not he wins this
election or not
his impact will be long lasting
there will be negative impacts from this
presidency
for decades one of them
will be how we view politicians
if we're not careful
sun tzu a work attributed to sun tzu
because i know there's a lot of history
buffs watching this channel
i'll just say work attributed to sun tzu
the art of war
it laid out a few characteristics
that you needed in a good leader
set the bar pretty high they needed to
be wise and strategic
they needed to have
trustworthiness or integrity
benevolence it's just love
courage and they needed to be
disciplined
yet none of that
is president trump none of it
you know in this office when you're
talking about the presidency
wise and strategic competence
competence it's really what it boils
down to here
so we would need somebody who had a
basic understanding of the constitution
a basic understanding of foreign and
domestic affairs
understanding how the separation of
powers works
understanding what's the responsibility
of the state and what's the
responsibility of the feds stuff like
that
not something that trump has whether you
think biden has it or not that's
that's a decision you have to make
trustworthiness yeah okay we don't even
have to go through trump on this one
benevolence this means
you're treating people with respect when
you put it in context
of the art of war it's winning hearts
and minds
the ability to turn your opposition to
your friend
that's what it had to do with it also
uh
ties into another quote by somebody else
that often actually gets said
is sun tzu but it's not and that's that
you should uh listen to your
subordinates
because gold lies underground you don't
have such an ego
that you refuse to listen to people who
know more than you
simply because they have a lower station
this i will answer for you biden does
this
he does he he listens to people who know
more than him
he's established that courage
valor trump can't even accept
responsibility for his own tweets
can't accept responsibility for the
things he says
certainly can't accept responsibility
for a country
we need somebody who is willing to take
on that mantle who is willing to
make the decisions who is willing to
take
all of the information and and do what
is best for everybody
in the united states not just red states
or blue states
showing benevolence and then they need
to be disciplined
and this means a lot of different things
it doesn't just mean disciplining your
your forces your staff in the case of
the presidency
means being self-disciplined you know
not sitting around
eating hamburgers and watching fox all
day
actually doing the job
you're tasked with
whether or not biden is these things i
don't know
no clue i know trump's not
he's not any of them but again
not trump that's not a goal that's not a
goal
it's not something to strive for
again i know there's a lot of people
watching this channel this is the hand
we're dealt we have to go with one of
these two
yeah okay i get it i get where you're
coming from on that
but that doesn't mean that we can't talk
about the ideal
what we're actually looking for because
if we don't do that
we don't strive for that deep change
in the way that we look at things in the
way we do things
especially in selecting those who end up
as public officials
we can't expect public officials to
this is a government of the people at
least in theory
we've got to do our part
we should set the standards pretty high
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day